README.md, before:

1.0 My requirement is implement animation on scroll. run "npm install aos --save" from https://github.com/michalsnik/aos

2.0 my requirement is implement user review testimonial. Here we used mdbootstrap Testimonials. first run "npm i mdb-react-ui-kit". then "npm i @fortawesome/fontawesome-free".

3.0 My requirement is creating a auth layout as my authentication contains login, sign up, forget password, reset password

4.0 my requirement is implement react hook form in login page

5.0 My requirement is applying react hook form in Register section

6.0 My requirement is show error in the form if validation is failed

7.0 My requirement is apply authentication using firebase and also create a auth context

8.0 My requirement is create createUserWithEmailAndPassword, signInWithEmailAndPassword, logout and SocialLogin with onAuthStateChange and apply loading. Also create a custom hook for user to avoid call the user by AuthContext in every required component

9.0 my requirement is create a private route that if the user is not logged in it will redirect to the login page

10.0 My requirement is create a Coverage component and show the map of service using react-leaflet leaflet. "npm install react-leaflet leaflet"

// 11.0 Now my requirement is create a send parcel for user using react hook form

Commit message:

created authentication navigation if user is not present

README.md, after:

1.0 My requirement is implement animation on scroll. run "npm install aos --save" from https://github.com/michalsnik/aos

2.0 my requirement is implement user review testimonial. Here we used mdbootstrap Testimonials. first run "npm i mdb-react-ui-kit". then "npm i @fortawesome/fontawesome-free".

3.0 My requirement is creating a auth layout as my authentication contains login, sign up, forget password, reset password

4.0 my requirement is implement react hook form in login page

5.0 My requirement is applying react hook form in Register section

6.0 My requirement is show error in the form if validation is failed

7.0 My requirement is apply authentication using firebase and also create a auth context

8.0 My requirement is create createUserWithEmailAndPassword, signInWithEmailAndPassword, logout and SocialLogin with onAuthStateChange and apply loading. Also create a custom hook for user to avoid call the user by AuthContext in every required component

9.0 my requirement is create a private route that if the user is not logged in it will redirect to the login page

10.0 My requirement is create a Coverage component and show the map of service using react-leaflet leaflet. "npm install react-leaflet leaflet"

11.0 Now my requirement is create a send parcel for user using react hook form

12.0 created the server using ai

13.0 as my requirement is perform crud operation using axios so install axios. for this crud operation with axios created as custom hook useAxiosSecure and create axios here that we can commonly use in all the crud operation.

14.0 my requirement is save the data to the server using post method

15.0 now my requirement is create a dashboard so created a DashBoardLayout

16.0 my requirement is fetch the data using tanstack query. tanstack query is used when we update or delete the data we have to maintain state but using tanstack query this operation is easily handled. so run "npm i @tanstack/react-query"

17.0 My requirement delete data using tanstack query and fetch the data using axiosSecure

18.0 Implement logout

19.0 Implementing user login

20.0 Our requirement is redirect the user where user clicked a private route before login (not working)
